## BlightVeil Tracker v1.6 Release Notes



Release Date: 17 JUL 2025

 

#### New Features 

- Ranked ELO Mode: Implemented an experimental ELO system for data gathering and analytics. The Kill Tracker will now track ALL fights in AC Free Flight. The stats will not be publicly posted for now, but you are free to ask to see the data and rankings. As long as one person is running the Kill Tracker, results will be recorded, even if the killer isn't a member of BV (they just have to be a part of the discord).

- Commander Mode - Battle Reports: Event Leads are now able to generate Battle Reports in Commander Mode. These Battle Reports generate detailed metrics for kills, deaths and weapons used in a battle. The enhanced visibility will allow leaders to better reward high performers and quantitatively identify areas of improvement in the fleet.

- Death Metrics: Implemented a death counter and K/D Ratio. Now when you get killed by a player, the Kill Tracker will log your killer and the killer's weapon. Maybe we should have it play a sound clip of Thunder yelling at you if your KDR is terribad.

- Volume Bar: Yeah yeah, you can stop your whining now. Even comes with mute.

 

#### Updates and Bugfixes 

- Added the ability to save Kill Tracker settings across sessions.

- Added a safeguard buffer to store kills if the kill post to Servitor fails. The Kill Tracker will attempt to post previous fails to the best of its ability until it succeeds.

- Fixed issues with the API key invalidating before the expiry time.

- Improved status tracking of fleet ships in Commander Mode.

- Fixed the SC process linking to only recognize game processes and ignore peripherals such as stream decks.

- Improved text visibility in main window.